Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to display the card items to surprise over here.
To do this, we have to go to the provider directory and then the cards provider five.
And we can use control and B to make this wide.
And now within the cards provider class, what we have to do is to create a getter and we have to specify
first that it is a type of double and since it is a price and then we have to say get and we are going
to call this so to.
Price and overview.
We are going to create a var variable and we are going to call this variable filter and defaults.
We are going to set it to 0.00.
Okay, great.
And now the next step is to loop over each item we have in our cards.
And you can see currently we have just two items added to our cards and now we have to loop over each
item.
To do this, we are going to create a follow up and we can save for VAR and we are going to call this
item for our item and that is for each item we have in our cards.
For each item we have in our cards.
Okay.
That is the list.
Right, for our item in list.
Then we want to increment the total.
To do that, we just have to say to together.
Then plus E Corps.
And now we have to time the price by the quantity.
We have to do that.
You can see this item as a variable that's currently have access to all the data and fields we have
in this on the score list.
Okay.
And now we can say item dots.
Price.
Times the item.
Dot quantity.
Okay.
And lastly.
We have to return.
The thoughts are variable.
Okay.
And this is basically it.
And the next step is to have access to this to the price of a.
But before we can have access to this sort of price, we first need to have access to this card provider.
Right.
Because this is the price is within this card provider class.
So to do this, we are going to go back to the cut screen.
Where we have that this water cut screen.
And you can see we have this stutter and default.
We just pass in a test, we say 0.00.00.
So we have to get rid of this.
And now we are going to call the provider.
Provider.
Provider does.
Of contests.
And first of all, we have to specify it is.
A type of the cards provider class and now we have access to it.
So via.
We need this as well.
And we then have access to everything within the cards provider class.
And now we just want to assess the total price.
And you can see this is a double and we have to convert this.
We have to convert it to a string and we can just say dots to string as visits.
So had that extra zero.
Okay.
And this is basically it's use control.
And as to save.
Okay.
You can see this is 500 and this is 50.
And click on this 600.
You can see.
Okay, currently you can see I think we have just four.
Hi.
Same in stock for this product.
Okay, let's go check it out to confirm what you can see for PCs available in stock.
So we can't we we cannot order more than what the seller has.
OC 700.
Working as expected, and we can just add another product.
Others and.
Okay.
So we're not just going to get rid of this distraction.
I think we have just one of this item.
You can see what pieces?
We're going to have another this and for now and.
Okay.
I think we have eight of this item and everything is working.
As expected.
Okay.
If you having any hair or any issue or your code is not working as expected, please do well to let
me know.
And I'm fully available to support you.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.